# OpenJS Sustainability Collab Space Meeting 2024-09-09

## Links

* **Recording**: none
* **GitHub Issue**: none

## Present
- Ulises Gascon (@UlisesGascon)
- Robin Ginn (@rginn)
- Pelle Wessman (@voxpelli)
- Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
- Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)

## Agenda

We kicked off the collab space 🎉

Some topics we want to explore in future meetings and offline:

- [LFX Crowdfunding](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/tools/crowdfunding/) gap analysis
- Some JS ecosystem projects could benefit from a guide on how to spend resources once funded.
- Can OpenJS become a fiscal host in Open Collective? This could reduce fees from other fiscal hosts.
- Identify projects and their current financial situation within OpenJS.
- Invite projects to share their experiences with us.
- List platforms and ways to get sponsored as a “maintainers group” or “solo maintainer.” Many challenges are associated with each platform. Sharing our experience could benefit the ecosystem.
- Change meeting frequency to bi-weekly (@rginn).
- Create a Slack channel (@rginn).
- Create a blog post to announce the collab space in about a month (@rginn/@UlisesGascon).
- Create an automation to generate the issue meetings, also the agenda labels (@rginn/@UlisesGascon)
- As a group, provide feedback on [Collective Funds Guidelines](https://github.com/collective-funds/guidelines/blob/main/GUIDELINES.md). Explore if we want to recommend them to our projects?

## Q&A, Other

### Tentative Agenda for Next Week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
